# @sicknider.raw — DTY95JGlWX5

**Views:** 0 | **Likes:** 3116
**Caption:** Episode 7: This is how @austinwright77 and I developed an app that is doing over $75k+ in monthly reoccurring revenue. He's the brain behind the operations, I just help round out the software developm

## Transcript
 My friend and I have I've got an app that's doing $75,000 in monthly recurring revenue. Here's the exact stack and the tools that we use to build this in two weeks time. A little background before I get into it. I've been working with this friend for a while. He's a wizard on front end. So doing a lot of UI, making the product feel really good. Whereas I'm more talented on the back end and making all the pieces come together for a well-rounded product. Our goal is simple. Build this insanely fast with vibe coding tools, launch it to users and scale from there. Make it work and then make it work better. Let me just give you all the sauce now. No gatekeeping. For the front end, he used bolt.new to generate a lot of the UI screens. It just overall, again, make it feel like a premium product. For the backend, we use Node.js, actually in Supabase edge functions. And I use Cursor to develop a lot of the code and integrate that with the front end. Supabase was our backend as a service provider. So they provided the auth database and the edge functions, which functioned as our APIs. For hosting, we use Netlify. It was that easy. If you're a dev trying to hit your monthly reoccurring revenue, stop hating on vibe coding. Use it to your advantage, leverage AI, and you'll ship products quicker.
